I was born in Caracas and live in an area of the city called Patari.
In Patari, I have to live with violence and delinquency.
A few years ago, we lost a pioneer sister who sadly was hit by a bullet.
Well, something like that also happened to my son.
There was a confrontation in the neighborhood and a stray bullet hit my son and killed him instantly.
That left such a void.
It hurt me to go into his room and see his empty bed.
An empty see his things, his shoes, his favorite clothes.
See them in the wardrobe.
Crying was inevitable.
But these situations were very difficult to deal with at the time.
But as soon as the congregation found out about the situation, right away they gave me support.
They were there to help care for all the things you need to do when you lose a loved one.
After going through all that, I was very afraid to continue going out in field service.
I feared for my life and for the life of my family.
I prayed to Jehovah and Jehovah gave me practical wisdom to continue.
Sometimes when I'm alone meditating and thinking about my son,
those memories return and of course I have a setback, so to speak.
And I begin to cry again.
But keeping clearly in mind, the promise of the resurrection is what motivates me to keep going.
An account that I really like and that I always keep in mind is the account about Lazarus.
Their Martha uses an expression.
She says, I know he will rise on the last day.
And there's the same confidence that I have in Jehovah.
I know that my son will rise.
Jehovah will give him to me.
At the time that this terrible thing happened.
It's true I lost my joy for a time.
But later, after the morning passes, the resurrection hope gives us joy.
It is if Jehovah speaks to me saying, keep calm.
It is if he gives me a gentle pat, telling me to keep going and that's what will happen to you.
Keep faithful and continue loyal and I will give him back to you.